docs: add documentation about UUID and queries (#3)
Zegocover/style-guide: README.md

# Zego Coding Style Guide

> This style guide serves to present a set of good and bad conventions with the objective of improving the overal code readibility and architecture. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This style guide serves to present a set of good and bad conventions with the objective of improving overall code readability and architecture. 
```

> At Zego we use python and javascript for backend and frontend development, this guide should ultimately define what we consider the best way to write the cleanest code for either of the languages and frameworks used within backend and frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Zego we use Python for backend development and JavaScript for frontend development. This guide should ultimately define what we consider the best way to write the cleanest code for either of the languages and the frameworks used within backend and frontend.
```
mostly feel strongly about the first sentence here as it reads like we could have a node backend
